<span id="top"></span>

# Orders

This window is used to give units new orders.

<img src="/images/help/magellan/windows_orders.gif" data-border="0" />

If a unit is selected, this unit's orders are shown here and can be
edited. Magellan only shows orders for units that belong to a faction
that has a password set. Therefore, if no orders are shown, you should
enter a password for your faction under [Faction
statistics](../menus/extras/factionstatistics/).

Order-editing is supported by a handy order-completion, which can be
adjusted to your [preference](../menus/extras/options_detail/). To
enter an order you only need to type its first letter. Using the cursor
keys or CTRL-up / CTRL-down you can select the desired order from the
displayed list of suggestions and enter it with the TAB-key. You can
configure the order-completion under
[Extras/Options/Details](../menus/extras/options_detail/).

With ***Orders confirmed*** you can confirm the orders of the active
unit. The unit will then no longer be shown bold in the region window.
Through this functions you can mark the units that you have already
edited.

  

## TEMP-units

Magellan offers an easy way to work with TEMP-units. These are shown as
regular units under the units that created them. Transactions of men and
items, as well as skills and weights are shown in the details window,
the same as for normal units. The necessary orders to create a TEMP-unit
(MAKE TEMP \[...\] END) are created by Magellan when the orders are
exported. Within Magellan TEMP-units are treated the same as any other
unit.

  

### Creating TEMP-units

<img src="/images/help/magellan/windows_orders_button_maketemp.gif"
data-border="0" />

With a click on this button you can create a TEMP-unit. In the resulting
dialog you can enter the unit's name and TEMP-ID. The corresponding
orders are created automatically.

<img src="/images/help/magellan/windows_orders_maketemp.gif" data-border="0" />

Clicking on  
*More...* results in the following dialog:

<img src="/images/help/magellan/windows_orders_maketempmore.gif" data-border="0" />

Here you can enter the number of men to be recruited, an order and the
unit's description.

  

### Deleting TEMP-units

<img src="/images/help/magellan/windows_orders_button_deltemp.gif"
data-border="0" />

By clicking this button you can delete the current TEMP-unit.
